1. Revision of functions used in javascript
2. TO Do List control programming
3. Ajax and APIs
    a. storagr of two type
        i. Client-side - local storage, sessional storage
       ii. Server-side - file system, session, , database
    b. IP - used for hosting code
        i. Public
       ii. Private
    c. Right now temporary storage is created in RAM and the file in VS Code is executed. 
    d. Waterfall Effect - on typing in browser to open google.com
        i. Request to IP is sent through Server
       ii. Server sends back the html, cs and js file for the page itself 
      iii. html file is secuted  then on occurence , css and js are also executed. This opening of files on command is called Waterfall Effect
    
    e. APIs hit server requests when information is provided by user to get an appropriate response for comparison with DB
    f. AJAX 
        i. async JS and XML (Extensible Markup Language)
       ii. Provides data in format 
      iii. For a request to server it directly Provides the html and related cs and js files altogether
       iv. server side rendering 
    
    g. APIs
        i. 
       ii. Indirectly requests the data from the server DB instead of directly as done in AJAX
      iii. IT is a layer between client and server which provides data in json(instead of XML in AJAX) format
       iv. Data is thenn executed in DOM format 
    
    h. SEO- Search Engine Optimization. It determines the rendering speed and data compilation times. The ones that have SEOs are shown first to last depending on their speed.

    i. A request has the format of with a header and a body
    j. A request also has-
        i. method - GET, POST(create), PUT(update- replace with new ) , PATCH(update- with changes to existing ), DELETE
       ii. path - endpoints - request src 

    k. .fetch(`${baseURL}`/users)
4. Convert Object to json through ---> JSON.stringify(user)
5. Convert json to Object through --->JSON.parse(user)
6. JSON gives a string output to a patch of information provided and also convert functions to string
7. This is done as a security and safety measure just in case to prevent client from running the functions until parsed
